Update Workflow Automation Billing (#36790)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/billing/workflow_automation.md

## Overview

> Datadog [Workflow Automation][8] billing is based on the number of **workflow executions**. Workflow executions are recorded whenever a published workflow runs, regardless of its run method (manually, programmatically, or automatically), except for the cases listed under "Included automations" below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog [Workflow Automation][8] billing is based on the number of **workflow executions**. Workflow executions are recorded whenever a published workflow runs, regardless of its run method (manually, programmatically, or automatically), except for the cases listed under [Included automations](#included-automations).
```

## Pricing model

### Definition of workflow execution

> A workflow execution refers to one full run of a published workflow, regardless of how many steps, actions, iterations, or retries it includes. Billing is recorded once when an execution starts. Runs that are rejected before starting — for example, due to spec validation errors, admission limits, or a workflow being marked inactive — are not billed. Executions can be triggered through:

Reviewer: "Once" can sometimes also mean "when" so trying to differentiate the two:
```suggestion
A workflow execution refers to one full run of a published workflow, regardless of how many steps, actions, iterations, or retries it includes. Billing is recorded one time when an execution starts. Runs that are rejected before starting—for example, due to spec validation errors, admission limits, or a workflow being marked inactive—are not billed. Executions can be triggered through:
```

- Manual starts in the Datadog UI
- API or programmatic triggers
- Event-based triggers (monitors, incidents, etc.)
- Workflows triggered from other workflows

>     - **Note**: When a workflow triggers another workflow, billing is determined by the original (root) trigger of the chain. If the root trigger is a billed source (e.g., a monitor or API call), every workflow in the chain is billed. If the root trigger is a free source (e.g., Incident Management, On-Call, or App Builder), the entire chain is free, regardless of depth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Note**: When a workflow triggers another workflow, billing is determined by the original (root) trigger of the chain. If the root trigger is a billed source (such as a monitor or API call), every workflow in the chain is billed. If the root trigger is a free source (for example, Incident Management, On-Call, or App Builder), the entire chain is free, regardless of depth.
```
